signup.php-it is a frontend page for user registration
signup.js-used for custom(client side) validation
SIGN_UP1.php-used for storing data into the database before storing it send the mail 
             using phpMailer(change the app password if it is not used for more time by 
             going in the mail where you use to send mails in googleManageAccount->security->appPasswords
             ,which generates new one)
signup.jsp-uses to store data into database using jsp(not used in the application)
login.php-it is a frontend page for user sign-in.
LOGIN1.php-php file used to retrieve user data from database and authenticates
logout.php-used to destroy all the sessions created
otp_validation.php-frontend page for otp validation at the time of user's registration and password_change time
otp_validation1.php-used to validate whether user entered and the generated otp matches or not
password_reset.php-it is a frontend page for user password resetting(the content changes dynamically in it 
                    based on the email sent or not)
password_reset_link.php-used for sending password reset link to mail(after sending mail it navigates to
                        otp validation to verify after verifying it navigates to password_change.php).
password_change.php-frontend page for changing the password
password_change1.php-updates the password and confirm password in users table 
search.php-used to search any product based on its description(here we are adding the suggestions also based on 
            searched query as categories)
slidebar.js-used for slidebar moving.
home.php-it is the frontend home page for website.
nav.php-it contains the code for nav-bar(and it is common for many files.)
footer.php-it contains the footer for the website and it is common for many files
product.php-used to display the products which is retrieved from sql database(NOTE:IT CANT RUN INDIVIDUALLY
            YOU SHOULD INCLUDE IT IN ANYONE OF PRODUCTS CATEGORIES FILE)
bag.php-it is a frontend page used to display the items in the cart 
connection.php-it is the backend page and main page used to connect the database and adds,removes the product items 
                from the cart and used to update the user profile 
editProfile.php-frontend page dispalys the user information and enables users to edit their details
orders.php-it is also frontend page used to display the orders of the user
checkout.php-it is a frontend page used to enter users information like address..etc for booking
checkoutBg.php-backend page for inserting the orderd product details along with user into the orders table and 
                delete the products details from cart.
contactUs.php-by using thisd page the user can contact developer by sending the mail to the website mail.
coupon.php-frontend page to display the coupons(it is static)
filter_product.php-user to display the products after filtering by price using ASC,DESC sql query.
REMAINING ALL PHP FILES USED FRO DISPLAYING INDIVIDUAL CATEGORY PRODUCTS PAGE.

bag.css-styling for cart,orders page.
checkout.css-styling for checkout page.
footer1.css-styling for footer part.
menwear.css-styling for the indivdual product category page.
nav.css-it is styling for the nav bar.
slidebar.css-it is styling file for slide bar present in hone page.
style.css-it styling for editProfile, signup, login, otp_validation, password_change, password_reset pages.

IMAGES FOLDER CONTAINS IMAGES FOR ALL THE WEBSITE.
PHPMAILER IS USED TO SEND A MAIL.





